hey this is Anthony with RevZilla TV and
in this video we're gonna detail a brand
new pant for 2011 from Ikon it's called
the icon overlord over pant yes it's a
mouthful 115 bucks comes in three colors
you're looking at Jason in the black we
have a white there's also a grey what is
it it's an aggressive really three to
four season sport oriented over pant
Jason is wearing them over his jeans
right now as you can see there's a nice
circumference to them they have a good
amount of room but really it's a nylon
chassis there is a mesh version called
the hooligan - so the whole again - is
going to be fight or mash at 115 bucks
the overlords are gonna be the overlord
textile at 115 bucks really same line to
the pant you're gonna notice that we
have some stretch panels it's turned
that way and stagger your legs for me on
the inside of his left leg you can see a
stretch panel turn backwards forming
Jace you can also see a stretch panel
across the yoke on the lower back so
it's going to move with you when you're
in the riding position turn and face me
you've pockets on the left and the right
and also down here you have a snap and a
zipper at the cuff so you're getting a
basic pant with a sport style that's
gonna match with either the icon
overlord family of products or the icon
hooligan - family of products turn
towards the camera you're gonna have
stretch panels at the tops of the knees
cee rated removable armor in the knee as
well as the hip and you have dual
adjustment it's a ratchet style speed
system here at the waist and then on the
sides you have velcro adjusters as well
Jason's 511 180 he wears about a 30 to
34 inch pant he's wearing a size 32
notice the amount of room he has so they
are sized generously enough and as I
mentioned if you want the mesh version
go over to the hooligan 2 so if you have
any questions about the Overlord textile
eight seven seven seven nine two nine
four five five or CS at revzilla.com
they're over 39 bucks real shipping for
free if you don't like them send them
back in brand-new condition and will
fund your money no restock fees ever at
revzilla.com
as long as what you're returning is in
brand-new condition and also we can size
exchange for free and you can earn
teamzilla cash towards your next order
just by continuing to shop us shop with
us save you some money in the long term
so once again this is the 2011 icon
overlord over pants available at
revzilla.com
slash icon I'm Anthony we'll see you
next time
you